Hi! I am a graduate student at the University of Michigan, studying Electrical and Computer Engineering. My current research interest is Game Theory on Networks. It is totally a fascinating area due to the great number of reallife activities explained and even predicted by this model, such as cyber security (my area), black market gang fight, animal migration, Covid-19, etc. We can also design mechanisms in iterative or distributed manner, whatever you like, to guide and gauge the equilibrium points. I'm also interested in developing and proving algorithms that calculate equilibrium points with limit of computation. Theses algorithms model the so-called best response dynamics and I view them as a respresentation of reallife interaction schemes. My research involves technically a great deal of matrix and optimization theory. I'm also a fan of programming, especially in C++ and Python.

After stepping onto this brand new stage of my life, I found reading vast amount of papers and remembering those big ideas from awsome peers is like drinking from a firehose, especially for a student with non-astonishing mathematical backgrounds like me. Therefore, I would like to host this blog website as a documentation of my ideas, work, and notes from reading. Graduate lives are often filled with knowledge that is uneasy to be found by Googling. So I would be so happy if some of my research and understanding could serve as the replenishment. I have to admit that I'm not a mature scholar yet and I really appreciate if anyone can correct my understandings by any means.
